Chen Junnan, my brother, he didn't do it on purpose.
Can you let him go?
So you came to me just to ask me to let your brother go
As long as you let my brother go
I can do whatever you want me to do.
Didn't you come to me because I was hurt?
Am I so worthless in your heart?
No, I just know
Don't forget I can let your brother out
We can put him back there.
How can you let my brother go?
You can let your brother go
I want to know one thing.
What kind of man do you like?
Hmm what
I want to know what kind of man you like
What do you like to eat?
And what are your hobbies?
I want to know everything
I don't quite understand.
The first step in chasing a girl
Just to know what she likes
You tell me now and I'll let you go right away
I like to eat crayfish.
Crayfish
Hey, what are you doing to eat crayfish?
You can't eat seafood with your current injury
Then think about it, is there anything else?
Others I can't think of right now
I'll go to the bathroom first
5 minutes go back 5 minutes
Be gentle with girls
Gentleness is the only magic weapon to chase a girl
No more than 5 minutes
You can go as long as you want. I'll wait for you.